(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] And now, here's my solution
to the challenge exercise.
So I solved this problem with two class files
and some changes to the application.properties
of a brand new application.
So I went ahead and created a FizzBuzz application,
and in the CommandRunner class that I created,
I annotated it with QuarkusMain on line 10.
You will see that I implement QuarkusApplication on line 11.
I also have a private instance of FizzBuzz
and a private static final Logger.
Now, I inject into the constructor an instance of FizzBuzz,
and then I'm going to use that in our Run method
along with a LOG.debug statement
telling us that we're starting,
and a LOG.debug telling us that we're ending.
That way, we complete those parts of the requirements.
Now, in the FizzBuzz execution method,
you'll see that I have this ApplicationScoped.
That way, I can inject it in on line seven.
And then, on line 10, I create a ConfigProperty
setting a defaultValue,
which I did not tell you that you needed to do,
but traditionally FizzBuzz is done with numbers up to 100,
so I thought I'd go ahead and set that as the default value.
Then, I'm looking for an application.maxNumber,
which I'm then converting into an int.
Now, obviously, if you can't convert that into an int,
it's going to cause problems,
so make sure that you have a number there.
Now, on line 13, I actually implement my execute method,
and it's a very simple loop.
For i equals zero, i less than or equal to maxNumber,
because I'm starting with one instead of zero,
so that way I actually get the full number of elements,
and then, of course, i++.
I'm going to set the result string equal to empty.
If I am divisible by three,
therefore I can do a mod of three equals zero,
I'm going to take and write fizz.
If I then have a mod of five equals zero,
I'm going to append buzz to whatever is there.
So if I'm divisible by three, I will get fizz.
If I'm divisible by five, but not three, I will get buzz.
If I'm divisible by both, I will get fizzbuzz.
And if it's neither,
so if that string is still empty, I will print i
because I'm now looking at line 18,
saying if the result is not empty, so not result isEmpty,
print the result, otherwise print i.
Now, let's jump over here to the application.properties.
I made a couple of changes for you.
I set the maxNumber here.
In my case, I'm going to execute 150.
I also wanted to make sure to show you how to set log levels
for different layers of your application.
So here, in a category of com.frankmoley.lil.lq,
I want it to be DEBUG.
So now, when I run this application,
expand this a little bit here.
So what I want you to take note at here
when I run my application, we'll start at the top,
you'll see that I have a debug statement in the log
because it is in my class path,
my package that I have defined
that I want to run debug messages.
So now, you can see that my application starts,
one, two, fizz, four, buzz,
fizz, seven, eight, fizz,
buzz, 11, down the list.
You'll see the 15, which is the first one that is both,
I get fizzbuzz.
And we're going to run all the way through 150,
which is divisible by both, so fizzbuzz.
And then, you'll see that I get ending application
again at debug level because that application.properties.
So that's how I solved FizzBuzz using Quarkus
with my injection, my logging, and my config properties
to give you a little bit of all of that.
I hope your example looks relatively similar,
and you've gotten to learn a little bit of the details
of how Quarkus works, basically,
by running through this challenge exercise.